Add warning on blocks only supported for bot user (#638)
jenkinsci/slack-plugin: README.md

slackSend(channel: '#general', attachments: attachments)
```

> Blocks (this feature requires a 'bot user' integration):

Author: ```suggestion
Blocks (this feature requires a 'bot user' and a custom slack app):
```

For more information about slack messages see [Slack Messages Api](https://api.slack.com/docs/messages), [Slack attachments Api](https://api.slack.com/docs/message-attachments) and [Block kit](https://api.slack.com/block-kit)

> Note the attachments API is classified as legacy, with blocks as the replacement (but blocks are onnly supported when using a bot user through a custom slack app).

Reviewer: Typo `onnly`

Author: ```suggestion
Note the attachments API is classified as legacy, with blocks as the replacement (but blocks are only supported when using a bot user through a custom slack app).
```
